Now you see me standin' in the lights
But you never saw my sacrifice
Or all the nights I had to struggle to survive
Had to lose it all to win the fight
I had to fall so many times (Oh-oh-oh)
Now I'm the last one standin'

Uh, you weren't with me on the cold block nights
Now you front row for the spotlight
Now the diamonds in the Audemars bright
Jets overseas for a far flight
Young nigga on bullshit, and I ball on 'em, Bill Cartwright
Knew I could shine through the darkness
I guess I always been a star type
That lion in me made my heart fight
Coulda been a victim of a opp pipe
Took a million risks just to get to this
'Cause we ain't the ones that the cops like
Been so many timеs God tested me
Thеy only see the answers I got right
They commentin' all on the blogs
Tryna tell me how to live my life
And I waited so patiently
If you could take off, don't wait for me
No days off, grind faithfully
I keep thankin' God for savin' me
Front line, showcasin' our bravery
I know that top spot, it was made for me
It all paid off, so we felt the struggle so painfully

Now you see me standin' in the lights
But you never saw my sacrifice
Or all the nights I had to struggle to survive
Had to lose it all to win the fight
I had to fall so many times (Oh-oh-oh)
Now I'm the last one standin'

Yeah, you know the code we gotta live by
Never mind all the ice cubes on this wrist, wearin' the big body
Live by the gun, get bodied, or it's hella time in that cell
It was hella times where I failed
When I had to double back from them Ls
Bet he don't double back when he tell
'Cause it ain't no comin' back when you tell
Why would you leave me here by myself? A nigga be lonely
Ayy, I blew the whole bag on they flights, ain't leavin' the homies
If he really gang, then get him a chain, no cubic zirconies
Why's arm in a stogie, stood firm, never folded
Furthest thing from a rodent, you put the jacket on and you bogus
Yeah, big dawg and they know it
I had to spin-off to stay focused
Longev' on the motion
We don't abandon ship when it's hopeless
Sound of the microphone, and they know

I make it look easy
Like I made it overnight
I make it look easy
But you don't see the dark side
And all of the monsters I had to fight (Fight)
And all of the nightmares (Nightmares)
Made me stronger than life (Yeah)

Y'all say I've changed
Really though? How so?
Got all this bread
I'm still sourdough (Sour tho')
I don't know, square peg, round hole
Like a block of cheese in a paper towel roll
Rocky Balboa, never been no towel thrower
Even when I got kicked to the curb
Life knocked my dick in the dirt
I got back up, flipped it the bird
'Til I earned the attention I yearned
Not to mention, I learned
How to turn resentment and hurt to an unquenchable thirst
In the simplest terms, it's revenge of the nerd
In every sense of the word
But all you see is the fame and the millions
You don't see the strength, the resilience
How I rack my brain, but it feels as if
I'm tryin' to explain it to children
So a lot of this pain isn't healin'
No escapin' it, this anger is spillin'
Almost like recreatin' the feelin'
Of 911 when the second plane hit the buildin'
So let 'em paint me the villain
Some of this just may be a symptom
Of havin' way too much income
But when you struggled every day just to get some
Now all of this hate is a syndrome
When they can't relate and that stems from
Money lookin' like it grows on trees
Yeah, they're green, but those aren't leaves
Sufficed to say, with every sacrifice I made
It's like I gave up my life to fame
All the nights that I lied awake
Nights I stayed up to write and prayed
Had to claw, scratch, and fight my way
Just follow me and I'll light the way
Look to the hook if your sky look grey
And rappers, how can we be
On the same level now when I gotta look down and see these
Clowns that are on the ground?
Bitch, I got clouds beneath me
Ever since I put out the EP to the height of 2003-me
You ain't see the struggle to make it out The D.
Because I made it somehow look easy

Now you see me standin' in the lights
But you never saw my sacrifice
Or all the nights I had to struggle to survive
Had to lose it all to win the fight
I had to fall so many times (Oh-oh-oh)
Now I'm the last one standin' (Oh-oh-oh)
Now I'm the last one standin'

Mm
I'm sorry (Yeah)
I'm sorry (Yeah)

I broke your heart, huh? (Yeah)
You knew I was a fuck nigga from the start, huh? (Uh)
You should've listened when they said I was a dawg, huh? (Joyner)
You should've listened to your head when you had thoughts, huh? (What?)
That's what you thought, huh? I left you scarred, huh?
You never be the same again, put that on God, huh?
I took your heart and then I tore that shit apart, huh?
I fucked you over, did you dirty, did you wrong, huh?
I did you wrong, huh? I did you wrong, yeah

You say you hate me, but I know that this your song, yeah (Song)
Angry texts 'cause we don't ever get along, yeah (Oh)
We been rockin' with each other for so long, yeah (Yeah)
Maybe that's why it's been harder to move on, yeah (Yeah)
And you changed too (Changed)
And your mama and your friends think I'm to blame too (Blame)
And you hate it when somebody say my name, ooh (Joyner)
Every time you hear my name, you wanna drink, ooh, ooh, ooh
You wanna go out, you wanna get drunk, you wanna get lit (Lit, lit, lit)
You wanna get crazy, do everything that you never did (Did, did, did)
You wanna get bent, you wanted revenge, you wanna get dick (Dick, dick)
But you ain't about that life, so you might fuck a bitch (Bitch, bitch, bitch)
You might, you might break a window (Facts)
You might do some wild shit out of impulse (Yeah, yeah)
You say that you hate me and we not involved (Yeah)
But you still checkin' on me, tryna find info, I know (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

I broke your heart, huh? (Woah)
You knew I was a fuck nigga from the start, huh?
You should've listened when they said I was a dawg, huh?
You should've listened to your head when you had thoughts, huh? (Huh?)
That's what you thought, huh? I left you scarred, huh?
You never be the same again, put that on God, huh?
I took your heart and then I tore that shit apart, huh?
I fucked you over, did you dirty, did you wrong, huh?
I did you wrong, huh? (Yeah, woah, woah)

I hate a fuck nigga, used to be a fuck nigga
Couldn't even blame her if she did fuck niggas (Yeah)
You run your bitch through the mud, you deserve that
So you can feel it for yourself where it hurt at (Buck, buck, buck, buck)
What goes around comes around, I know you heard that (Hey)
While you was creepin', tell me, did it not occur that (Yeah)
There's niggas slidin' in the DMs, every AM, every PM?
Used to be like automatic, she would curve that (Yeah)
That was before, when you was loyal
Now it's thirst traps on her profile, and niggas know how to (Hey)
Spot a chink in your armor, you been trippin', dawg (Uh-huh)
You ain't been keepin' your promise, you been pimpin', dawg (Uh-huh)
Now bitches wink in your comments, she's suspicious, dawg (Uh-huh)
And now you reaping your karma, she got niggas, dawg (Uh-huh)
Callin' her phone while you gone and your bitch ass
Can't even feel no way, 'cause you doin' her the same (Ayy)
Now you know the pain
And what used to be the dynamic duo's in flames
And you too proud to see that you hold the blame
From all that playin', nigga, we too old for games (Yeah), man

You broke her heart, huh? (Ayy)
When you met her, she was young and hella pure, huh?
Ain't had no clue that she was fuckin' with a dawg, huh?
You never thought you'd see the day that she was gone, huh? (Yeah)
But you was wrong, huh? (Yeah) Yeah, you was wrong, huh?
'Cause now it's late and she ain't answerin' your calls, huh?
She VIP, she out here fuckin' with the stars, huh?
Some other nigga got her now, he 'bout to spoil her
You could've spoiled her, ayy, but you starved her, yeah, yeah



